The reason I immigrated here was to earn more money and more freedom, but my life was
only work and sleep.
I was thought, this is not the reason I came here.
This is not the life I wanted, but what could I do?
The life that I was pursuing did not bring me true happiness.
My husband's sister started taking me along to the meetings.
The brothers and sisters there were very welcoming to me.
My wife started studying the Bible first.
I saw her becoming happier and happier studying the Bible, and this motivated me to start
studying the Bible with her Bible teacher.
She lived far away, but she was never late.
She was like a mother and cared for us like her children.
In our studies, we were making huge progress.
But we didn't expect the huge challenge that lay ahead.
When my youngest daughter was born, the doctor told us she had congenital heart disease.
She needed immediate surgery.
When we were facing this challenge, the brothers and sisters were right by our side, continually
assisting us, helping us to find a doctor and interpreting for us, even though we were
not yet baptized.
On the day of the surgery, a congregation elder and his wife drove to pick us up and brought
us to the hospital.
They also stayed by our side until the surgery was done.
A couple came to the hospital and brought us food.
Another sister helped to care for my older daughter.
We really could feel that the brothers and sisters really loved us, just like family.
My wife and I, along with our two daughters, are very happy to be worshiping Jehovah.
I realized that the love shown to me by the brothers and sisters was an imitation of
Jehovah.
It really helped me to see that this is truly his organization.
This is the life that we have been searching for.